README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I'm Nathanaël Cherrier. I'm a full-time software engineer passionate about writing clean, beautiful and well-designed code. On my free time, I try to give back to open source by maintaining open source projects and contributing to others.

I'm also a tech content creator. I write [tech posts, courses and tutorials to help people](https://mindsers.blog/) from beginner to advanced to learn and grow as a developer.

A few fun facts about me :
- 🔭 I’m currently working on the mobile app of [Steply](https://steply-app.com)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Infrastructure as Code
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on JS and Swift projects
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with [Changelog Reader (GH Action)](https://github.com/mindsers/changelog-reader-action)
- 💬 Ask me about anything dev related
- 📫 How to reach me: on my [website contact forms](https://nathanaelcherrier.dev/)
- 😄 Pronouns: he/his

<!--
**mindsers/mindsers** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add Holopin badge to README
Added a badge linking to Holopin profile.

README.md, after:

[![An image of @mindsers's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/mindsers)](https://holopin.io/@mindsers)

### Hi there 👋

I'm Nathanaël Cherrier. I'm a full-time software engineer passionate about writing clean, beautiful and well-designed code. On my free time, I try to give back to open source by maintaining open source projects and contributing to others.

I'm also a tech content creator. I write [tech posts, courses and tutorials to help people](https://mindsers.blog/) from beginner to advanced to learn and grow as a developer.

A few fun facts about me :
- 🔭 I’m currently working on the mobile app of [Steply](https://steply-app.com)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Infrastructure as Code
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on JS and Swift projects
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with [Changelog Reader (GH Action)](https://github.com/mindsers/changelog-reader-action)
- 💬 Ask me about anything dev related
- 📫 How to reach me: on my [website contact forms](https://nathanaelcherrier.dev/)
- 😄 Pronouns: he/his

<!--
**mindsers/mindsers** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
